README.md, before:

# Hello World, 👋 I'm Roger! 💻

🌟 "Aspiring Cyber-Physical Systems Engineer | Focused on Cloud & AI Security" | CS50 Graduate

- 🔭 Currently working on: Building my portfolio. 
- 🌱 Learning: 
- 👯 Open to collaborating on: On any Open-source projects.
- 📫 Reach me: [Will add email later](mailto:email@example.com) | [Will add LinkedIn later](https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)

## 💻 My Skills
- Programming: 
<span> 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-abcdef?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=SQL&logoColor=white" alt="SQL Badge">
</span>

- Frameworks:
<span>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=white" alt="React Badge">
</span> 

- Tools: Git
<span>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Git&logoColor=white" alt="Git Badge">
</span>

- Focus Areas: Programming, Cybersecurity

## 🌟 Featured Projects
- [Social Network](https://github.com/yourusername/social-network)  
  A Django-powered platform for sharing posts, following users, and more.
- [Finance Manager](https://github.com/yourusername/finance-manager)  
  A personal finance tracker with real-time balance calculations.

Commit message:

Added - ⚡ Fun fact:'''...''' - 🌱 I’m currently learning:'''...''' - 🤔 I’m looking for help with:'''...'''

README.md, after:

# Hello World, 👋 I'm Roger! 💻

🌟 "Aspiring Cyber-Physical Systems Engineer | Focused on Cloud & AI Security" | CS50 Graduate

- 🔭 Currently working on: Building my portfolio. 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning:'''...'''
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with:'''...''' 
- 👯 Open to collaborating on: On any Open-source projects.
- 📫 Reach me: [Will add email later](mailto:email@example.com) | [Will add LinkedIn later](https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)
- ⚡ Fun fact:'''...'''

## 💻 My Skills
- Programming: 
<span> 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-abcdef?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=SQL&logoColor=white" alt="SQL Badge">
</span>

- Frameworks:
<span>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=white" alt="React Badge">
</span> 

- Tools: Git
<span>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Git&logoColor=white" alt="Git Badge">
</span>

- Focus Areas: Programming, Cybersecurity

## 🌟 Featured Projects
- [Social Network](https://github.com/yourusername/social-network)  
  A Django-powered platform for sharing posts, following users, and more.
- [Finance Manager](https://github.com/yourusername/finance-manager)  
  A personal finance tracker with real-time balance calculations.
